well howdy there I don't know people
let's bow again so tonight we're gonna
talk about what happened
in Indiana there was an active shooter
drill training program and teachers were
mock executed during it before we get
into the actual topic I want to be very
clear about something I'm seeing a lot
of people say and reports even saying
that this was the Alice training program
no no I'm familiar with that program
I've seen a lot of their training
material and know people that have been
through it
maybe this lesson is in their program
this execution of it is certainly not I
would be extremely surprised to find out
that this was in any way shape or form
authorized by them and the reason I want
to say that is there's not a lot of good
active shooter programs out there there
are not a lot of training programs out
there for this topic you don't get a lot
of high-speed combat instructors drawing
up curriculums for this because they sit
down they write up the curriculum and
then they get the mental flash of the
English comp teacher after she puts two
in the chest of one of her students then
she puts another one into his face and
go safety shot because that's the
mentality you need and that's not the
mentality you want in a teacher the
Alice program does a pretty good job of
giving teachers the skills they can use
without trying to turn them into killers
and and there's I don't want to see a
good program drug through the mud it's
not perfect but it's an impossible task
it's better than most
so I don't want this incident to be
linked to them that's not a that's not a
fair or wise thing to do okay so what
went down
teachers were taken form four at a time
into a room put up against a wall and
then shot in the back with an airsoft
gun and apparently this was not one of
the cheap airsoft guns you get a Walmart
this was a pretty high-powered one it
drew blood in some cases for those that
don't know it's a plastic BB gun shoots
a lot of plastic pellets pretty quickly
though so the lesson that they were
trying to pass along was that you know
if you just cower you're gonna die
because teachers don't know this but and
I can understand using this form of
training to do it because everybody
knows that if you inflict pain on
somebody
then don't remember that's why the army
when they're teaching people how to use
cover they make everybody stand up and
they shoot only simunition and everybody
that was in the Army's like Wyatt yeah
no they don't do that because they're
not stupid the average person has no
idea what it's like to be shocked they
have a fear they have a fear of death
but the pain that's intangible they have
no idea what it's like but those
teachers doing it they know it's gonna
be a whole lot worse than what they went
through so what does that do what does
that fear do
is it more likely that they're gonna
respond or is that fear gonna trigger
panic and limit their ability to self
help it seems like the more likely
option this was a very very poorly
thought-out exercise and the other
question I would ask where the teachers
aware that they could assault their
instructors and fight back is were they
instructed that they could do that
because if not this is just some
sadistic joke
now there's another issue with this do
we have a problem with teachers not
responding I mean has that been going on
where teachers are leaving students to
die where teachers aren't doing
everything that they can because from
what I remember they're literally using
their own bodies to shield their
students meanwhile law enforcement is
waiting outside maybe if this is really
the way you guys think that you need to
teach people wouldn't it have been wiser
to take the children of cops and line
them up and shoot them with an airsoft
gun and make their parents watch I mean
because then they'll respond you see how
stupid this sounds the whole idea behind
this is is is the problem in itself this
is all reactive to reactive violence you
want to train the teachers to be
warriors you can't not instill having to
be teachers that's the problem with this
it's reactive you know they're
describing this training is being
proactive no it's not it's not in any
way shape or form because for any of
this to be used
somebody has to walk into a school and
start killing kids
that's reactive it's not proactive you
want to be proactive you bring it on a
psychologist and have them instruct the
teachers on how to look for warning
signs
that's proactive but no we have a
problem and rather than try to solve it
we're going to use violence man I wonder
where the school shooters get the idea
from us from us because violence is easy
that's the easy way out
just count two in the chest one in the
head blood makes the grass grow green
that's the solution if we keep this
posture we can't be surprised when there
are more small caskets because of an
event at a school we really need to
rethink what we're doing here anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night